Your name is Suleiman
Zarb. Zarb is from Khan Yunis. He came as a displaced person, of course, from Khan
Yunis. After the bombing, he fled from Khan Yunis to Rafah and
carried his belongings on his bed. I mean, there is no one. I
mean, there is no transportation. I hear the bombing and drink as a
displaced person. I mean, he held the white flag and sat
waving it, and the seat of the passer-by is safe until I tell you.
Is there any flour in Rafah or any water? I suffer
from it a lot. I have to walk a long distance when he
comes to bring water to the house. There are six young children
sitting there. There is nothing to eat, drink or anything.
Praise be to God for every need from the Lord of His servants, and
God willing, oh our Lord, this will be the case and we will go.
On our homes, on our families, and we see our families. Funus
now. Where are you now? Where are you located? A tent.
It is there, but it is suffocating, but there is no food or
drink for it. What does a tent mean to you? Why do you
remember? What does this mean? It reminds you of what does the
tent remind you of? Remind me of his suffering. In the suffering I lived through, and this is
not.  In any case, in any case, the necessities of
life are available to us. Rafah now has nothing. He does
not eat or drink, nor does he eat meat or chicken. In
the past, a man was advised, meaning he is in good health now.
Praise be to God. I say to you, Lord of the Worlds, that the Jews
saved us from the spraying, the bombing,
and the openings. Praise be to God, even in work, meaning
work.  There is no meaning, what do two people have to do with anything other than
God, but you are in the tent at night. How is the pain
falling? Falling in the night. It means goodness. There is no
falling asleep. Three prohibited things are put on it. And ice is its birth.
It means falling in the sense of
falling. Even the unlawful things from here and there. I bring a
blanket and bring a cover. I mean, I use it to cover it.
What do you say to them?
You say they are right. They brought us food. They brought us something and a
reconciliation. And God willing, Lord, we pray to God. This
will be reconciled and a reconciliation will be made. I mean, there will be coordination. Or we will see
our turn. The
person returns to his work and returns to his normal work
and returns home very happy, but then nothing
happens and everyone is even sad.  No food,
no clothes, no bathing